Add CNAME support and gotchas (#9698)
containous/traefik: docs/content/https/acme.md

    # ...
    ```

!!! warning "`CNAME` support"

    `CNAME` are supported (and sometimes even [encouraged](https://letsencrypt.org/2019/10/09/onboarding-your-customers-with-lets-encrypt-and-acme.html#the-advantages-of-a-cname)),

>     but there's a few cases where they can be [problematic](../../getting-started/faq/#why-does-lets-encrypt-wildcard-certificate-renewalgeneration-with-dns-challenge-fail).

Author: ```suggestion
    but there are a few cases where they can be [problematic](../../getting-started/faq/#why-does-lets-encrypt-wildcard-certificate-renewalgeneration-with-dns-challenge-fail).
```
